With the strength here, what is your relationship with this swordsman?
Miss Xu, prepare to keep it clean.
This is my wife. your wife,
In terms of raw strength, when did your vision become so bad?
Will take a fancy to this kind of misfortune. Not counting that you can’t get me,
He shouldn't have to deal with such a swordsman.
You shouldn't be unforgettable for me.
After hearing that I came to NK,
I deliberately found someone like this to act with you.
Please show your strength, in fact, I will never forget you,
Let's not be adventurous. Miss Xu,
I'll let you take a look and become a doctor.
I know many experts in this field.
It's better to treat this disease as soon as possible
Don't take it off, don't worry
Doctors always say that I respect my profession and have faith.
I won't get sick because of you
And I forgot about Miss Zhao Shili and Xu who discriminated against you
We don't have bonus points
Let me show you
This is our marriage syndrome
Please be more respectful to me if you are too fair in the future.